but no one has carried out this
experiment with growers gorillas in the
wild well they see this and run oh my oh
well they see this and want to
investigate and what will they make open
that's what I want to find out I've
disinfected everything to ensure there's
no health risk to the gorillas and the
mirror is perspex so it can't shatter if
handled just see if I can install it
here the mirror quickly attract the
attention of two young gorillas up no
worry in the world
[Music]
some animals are surprised when they see
their own reflection and react
aggressively so it's interesting to see
that these gorillas are so calm and
inquisitive never seen a proper
reflection of themselves they're gentle
they are it's not like they're seeing
this thing and they want to rip it apart
and break it just exploring really
delicately smell again touching you
looking into it
there's no indication that these
juveniles are making the connection
between themselves and the image in the
mirror even human children take a while
to recognize their own reflection so
maybe it's just a matter of time baby
Maria is intrigued
[Music]
okay it's like moving I was interested
but Linga wasn't like them played with a
new thing in the forest playtime's over
it's been fascinating but I suspect it
would take a lot more exposure to the
mirror before the gorillas show signs of
self recognition
you